README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋
<p align="center">
   <img width="200" height="200" alt="my-avatar-laptop" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80174138/115131167-c4cda400-9faa-11eb-854c-86b5415a9b3c.png">
  </p>

## Follow me on my journey to becoming a web developer! 
- 🌱 I’m currently learning intermediate Javascript, more CSS, and intro to Ruby
- 📫 How to reach me: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/niccikaufman/)
- 😄 Pronouns: they/them/she/her

> Sometimes you gotta stop thinking about something to figure it out. -Amos Burton

## My Progress So Far!
|_Week One_|_Week Two_|_Week Three_|_Week Four_|
|---|---|---|---|
|Git|Methods|Arrays|Literal notation|
|Markdown|Functions|Looping|Objects and prototype methods|
|HTML (intermediate)|Data Types|Separation of logic|Class constructors|
|CSS (beginner)|Debugging|Test-driven development|Event delegation and bubbling|
|BootStrap|JQuery|Regular expressions|Switch cases|

## 2021 Goals:
- [ ] Get a tech job
- [ ] Make a CSS animation from scratch
- [ ] Connect with at least 30 other developers on LinkedIn
- [ ] Contribute to an open-source project

Commit message:

update project and currently learning section

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋
<p align="center">
   <img width="200" height="200" alt="my-avatar-laptop" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80174138/115131167-c4cda400-9faa-11eb-854c-86b5415a9b3c.png">
  </p>

## Follow me on my journey to becoming a software engineer! 
- 🌱  I’m learning intermediate Javascript and CSS.
- 🍕  My current project is a single page online pizza ordering site.
- 📫  How to reach me: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/niccikaufman/)
- 😄  Pronouns: they/them/she/her

> Sometimes you gotta stop thinking about something to figure it out. -Amos Burton

## My Progress So Far!
|_Week One_|_Week Two_|_Week Three_|_Week Four_|
|---|---|---|---|
|Git|Methods|Arrays|Literal notation|
|Markdown|Functions|Looping|Objects and prototype methods|
|HTML (intermediate)|Data Types|Separation of logic|Class constructors|
|CSS (beginner)|Debugging|Test-driven development|Event delegation and bubbling|
|BootStrap|JQuery|Regular expressions|Switch cases|

## 2021 Goals:
- [ ] Get a tech job
- [ ] Make a CSS animation from scratch
- [ ] Connect with at least 30 other developers on LinkedIn
- [ ] Contribute to an open-source project
